[Music]
um yeah so I just did a big scary thing
um about day I quit without a plan and
I'm both excited and terrified but I
think the thing that's probably the
scary thing on my mind
is part of me is worri that whenever I
decide to to look for another job in a
new year um I'm G to go back to kind of
the bad habits of overworking and not
having good boundaries and I'm going to
burn out again and the deeper fear is
that I won't be able to either find or
create work that's really meaningful or
aligned with who I am and I'm just gonna
get another job that's probably the the
biggest fear I have right
now um so what's the
question I guess the question is how do
I know um how do I pursue what's the
best path for me to pursue that to find
that to find that
out the find out what that that you
might revert into meaningless work
meaningless overworking yeah I guess how
how do I how do I make sure I don't do
that okay awesome um how did you make
sure you quit your
job I don't know if I you you basically
are telling me I just quit a job without
a plan because I wanted to take care of
myself and I'm afraid that I'm not going
to take care of myself in the
future like you just did something to
take care of yourself and then the first
reaction is I'm scared I won't do this
again in the
future what what how did that
happen I think it's because I I got to
this point because I didn't take
vacation and I'm afraid I won't I'll do
it
again yeah that I'm I'm what I'm asking
is how is it that when you take one
action to take care of
yourself that doesn't show any kind of
proof or give you any kind of Solace
that you'll do that
again it's an interesting thing right
like if if you were playing golf and you
like hit a perfect swing and then you
were like I'm scared I'll never do that
again
like yeah I feel that I feel that in my
body now when you just said it yeah ah
ah now I just feel a little bit
silly yeah I guess in a way it doesn't I
guess you know I don't the part of me
that thinks it doesn't just it's got a
lot smaller now is that I feel like you
know on one spread that if
you who you are is what you do and how
often you do something is kind of like a
a measure of H like how much of that
person you are and because I've only
done it once and it took four years that
it's still not who I am in a way that's
that's lovely I love that great so how
well you're also calling you're also on
this call talking to me that's another
self-care there's
two H now I'm just feeling really silly
[Laughter]
embarrassed this this pattern of
worrying about your
what you're going to do in the
future how like how much of that pattern
is the thing that made you
overwork a
th% oh that just hit like a t
Bri oh my
God I just felt like everything that was
like on me just like splatted out
wow oh my
God my my body because is just like
exploding with joy and just ready I
can't contain like part of me I'm like
happy and part of me like wants to cry a
little bit at the same time please
do just feel just feel your body let
your body remember this moment
yeah oh my gosh wow
I just feel really silly
now thank you you're so welcome
[Music]